Add experimental research plugin (#2597)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- ARIA_S1_GUNW job type to EDC deployments.

> - OPERA_DIST_S1 job type to JPL deployments.
> - Stand up test deployments in Tibet and NISAR JPL deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OPERA_DIST_S1 job type to all Tibet and NISAR JPL deployments.
- Stand-up test deployments for Tibet and NISAR JPL projects.
```
